The Conservative Party: A review.

I am so thankful to the conservative party and their current legacy. They wanted to make Britain great again and that they have! You only need to look at their current track record, so I will share some of my personal favourite highlights..
Firstly, they have managed to make the public sector net debt the greatest it's ever been - impressively increasing it every single year. When they came into power in May 2010, it was a measly £1046.6bn in debt and I knew they could smash that debt out the water and so they have. At last check, they had managed to up that to a very impressive £2687.5 bn in April 2024 - more than 2.5x more!
In fact, they have been all about bigger and better - let's look at what they've managed to improve.. we are now at the #1 figure it's ever been for people on an NHS waiting list, successfully upped council tax every single year, managed to drive up the average house price by an impressive £100k and inflation of the CPI had also soared from 3.3% to a peak of 9.1% in 2022! Astounding!
Next, let's talk about Brexit. We are Great Britain and they did us proud, we didn't want to be sheep and follow the rest of the EU, so we decided to navigate our own path! Why follow others on their capita growth trend? We wanted to break the mould, and so we did! Thanks to them, our GDP growth per capita is now -4% compared to the rest of the EU on 15%. A completely different direction, just like we wanted! We also are keeping British goods for the British! So now, since this wonderful decision and our new robust checks have been implemented, our exports are following a downward trend, ensuring more of those goods stay with us.
Everyone knows that change is good and nobody knows it better than the conservatives, that is why they have continually changed their leader. We have had 5 phenomenal leaders in this time - averaging 1 every 2 years - much better than the usual option to change every 4 years at the absolute earliest, we need these fresh perspectives to keep us on our toes and drive changes.
Lastly, there's so much more I could cover, but I can't wrap it up without at least touching on the pandemic leadership. What a strong, courageous man Boris Johnson was, ending up in ICU with Covid and immediately bouncing back to lead us again. He was willing to make those tough decisions and often knew better than even his senior scientist. He created a world beating test and trace system and came up with the genius fast lanes for covid related-contracts by skipping the usual competitive tender process to save precious time - I'm sure anyone would want to celebrate these successes.
